clarify how to set the affects versions (#119)
openjdk/guide: src/guide/jbs-jdk-bug-system.md

A [Bug]{.jbs-value} or [Enhancement]{.jbs-value} should only be used if the work is expected to result in a change in a code repository. A [Bug]{.jbs-value} or [Enhancement]{.jbs-value} with resolution [Fixed]{.jbs-value} is required to have a corresponding changeset in one of the OpenJDK repositories.
:::

#### Things to keep in mind when filing an issue

* Before filing, verify that there isn't an open issue already filed.
  * Search [JBS](https://bugs.openjdk.org/) for things like the name of the failing test, assert messages, the name of the source code file where a crash occurred etc.
  * If you find a similar issue that was closed as [Cannot Reproduce]{.jbs-value} then it may be appropriate to re-open that one - if you don't have direct access to JBS you can file a bug using the [Bug Report Tool](https://bugreport.java.com/) requesting that it be reopened.
* Make a reasonable attempt to narrow down which build or release the failure first appeared in.
* Set [Affects Version/s]{.jbs-field} to the earliest JDK version(s) where the failure was seen.

>   * If the failure is found in an update train of the JDK (e.g. 11.0.x), if possible please see if it's also present in [mainline](https://github.com/openjdk/jdk). See [Indicating what releases an issue is applicable to](#indicating-what-releases-an-issue-is-applicable-to) for more details

Reviewer: Period missing at the end.

Author: fixed

  * If you find a similar issue that was closed as [Cannot Reproduce]{.jbs-value} then it may be appropriate to re-open that one - if you don't have direct access to JBS you can file a bug using the [Bug Report Tool](https://bugreport.java.com/) requesting that it be reopened.
* Make a reasonable attempt to narrow down which build or release the failure first appeared in.
* Set [Affects Version/s]{.jbs-field} to the earliest JDK version(s) where the failure was seen.

>   * If the failure is found in an update train of the JDK (e.g. 11.0.x), if possible please see if it's also present in [mainline](https://github.com/openjdk/jdk). See [Indicating what releases an issue is applicable to](#indicating-what-releases-an-issue-is-applicable-to) for more details.

Reviewer 2: Preserve modification from the previous commit by @JesperIRL?
```suggestion
  * If the failure is found in an update train of the JDK (e.g. 11.0.x), please see (if possible) if it's also present in [mainline](https://github.com/openjdk/jdk). See [Indicating what releases an issue is applicable to](#indicating-what-releases-an-issue-is-applicable-to) for more details.
```
Or remove _“if possible”_ altogether?

Author: I moved to back to what it was for the moment at least

* Always file separate bugs for different issues.
  * If two crashes look related, but not similar enough to be sure they are the same, it's easier to later close a bug as a duplicate than it is to separate out one bug into two.

#### Indicating what releases an issue is applicable to

Knowing when an issue was introduced is important to determine the impact of the issue and where it needs to be resolved. While in some cases it may be clear, it is likely that on submission and during triage this won't be known, instead we will have one or two data points from which we can begin to understand the range of releases which the issue impacts.

The [Affects Version]{.jbs-field} field is used to indicate which releases an issue is applicable to, and to avoid having to set it to an exhaustive list of impacted releases the following assumptions are used to give that range:

> 1) If an issue applicable to a feature release N it is assumed to be applicable to all (more recent) releases unless indicated otherwise (see [(Rel)-na](#usage-of-rel-na-label) below).

Author: fixed

>   - Note that if it is reported against an update release then all we can say is that it is applicable to all the following update releases, not necessarily the next feature release as it may have been introduced in an update.  Given this, it is always important to try and reproduce the issue in either the corresponding feature release or the following.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      - Note that if it is reported against an update release then all we can say is that it is applicable to all the following update releases, not necessarily the next feature release as it may have been introduced in an update.  Given this, it is always important to try and reproduce the issue in either the corresponding feature release or the following.
```
Should this be indented to indicate it's a subitem of the first one?  
Otherwise, it renders 1. then bullet and then another 1.

Author: 82 is meant to be a sub-bullet - it needed a couple more spaces at the start of the line

##### Usage of (Rel)-na Label

Labels of the form [(Rel)-na]{.jbs-label} (eg. [17-na]{.jbs-label}) should be used when a bug is not applicable to a more recent release family. For example:

[Affects Version]{.jbs-field}: [7u111]{.jbs-value}, [8u131]{.jbs-value}

add the label [9-na]{.jbs-label} if the issue is not relevant to JDK 9 and above.
Reasons why this would be the case include the fact that the source has been removed from a later release or rewritten such that the issue is no longer relevant.

Do not:

- use the label to indicate that a bug is not relevant to an earlier release, for example<br>[Affects Version]{.jbs-field}: [11.0.20]{.jbs-value}, [17]{.jbs-value}<br> the label [8-na]{.jbs-label} would not be needed - as it doesn't have a JDK 8 release, or earlier, value in the [Affects Versions]{.jbs-field}, it is not relevant to JDK 8.

> - add multiple [-na]{.jbs-label} labels: you only need one, for example [9-na]{.jbs-label}, [10-na]{.jbs-label} is not needed, as [9-na]{.jbs-label} implies any following releases.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- add multiple [-na]{.jbs-label} labels: you only need one, for example if there's [9-na]{.jbs-label}, [10-na]{.jbs-label} is not needed, as [9-na]{.jbs-label} implies any following releases.
```

Author: rewrote it a little to be clearer

##### Usage of (Rel)-wnf Label

> labels of the form [(Rel)-wnf]{.jbs-label} (e.g. [11-wnf]{.jbs-label}) should be used to indicate that a bug is not going to be fixed in a release that it is applicable to, or any earlier releases. For example, [11-wnf]{.jbs-label} states it won't be fixed in JDK 11 and implicitly indicates it won't be fixed in JDK 8 either).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Labels of the form [(Rel)-wnf]{.jbs-label} (e.g. [11-wnf]{.jbs-label}) should be used to indicate that a bug is not going to be fixed in a release that it is applicable to, or any earlier releases. For example, [11-wnf]{.jbs-label} states it won't be fixed in JDK 11 and implicitly indicates it won't be fixed in JDK 8 either).
```

Author: fixed

* Always file separate bugs for different issues.
  * If two crashes look related, but not similar enough to be sure they are the same, it's easier to later close a bug as a duplicate than it is to separate out one bug into two.

#### Indicating what releases an issue is applicable to

Knowing when an issue was introduced is important to determine the impact of the issue and where it needs to be resolved. While in some cases it may be clear, it is likely that on submission and during triage this won't be known, instead we will have one or two data points from which we can begin to understand the range of releases which the issue impacts.

The [Affects Version]{.jbs-field} field is used to indicate which releases an issue is applicable to, and to avoid having to set it to an exhaustive list of impacted releases the following assumptions are used to give that range:

> 1) If a issue applicable to a feature release N it is assumed to be applicable to all (more recent) releases unless indicated otherwise (see (Rel)-na below).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1) If an issue applicable to a feature release N, it is assumed to be applicable to all (more recent) releases unless indicated otherwise (see (Rel)-na below).
```

Author: fixed

>   - Note that if it is reported against an update release then all we can say is that it applicable to all the following update releases, not necessarily the next feature release as it may have been introduced in an update.  Given this, it is always important to try and reproduce the issue in either the corresponding feature release or the following.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - Note that if it is reported against an update release then all we can say is that it is applicable to all the following update releases, not necessarily the next feature release as it may have been introduced in an update.  Given this, it is always important to try and reproduce the issue in either the corresponding feature release or the following.
```

Author: fixed

> 1) If an issue is applicable to release N, then it can't be assumed that it is applicable to older releases less than N. It may be, but in general this is less important to know this as the majority of issues are only fixed in the latest feature release.  If the issue is a crash or important in another way, then it becomes worthwhile to take the time to determine if it is relevant to earlier LTS releases.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1) If an issue is applicable to release N, then it can't be assumed that it is applicable to older releases less than N. It may be, but in general this is less important to know it as the majority of issues are only fixed in the latest feature release.  If the issue is a crash or important in another way, then it becomes worthwhile to take the time to determine if it is relevant to earlier LTS releases.
```

Author: removed "this" to simplify things a little

> Another aspect of an issue is when, the feature it is a part of, was added or removed from the JDK, which in either case limits the range of releases the issue impacts.  Knowing that a feature was removed before the oldest currently supported release means it can be resolved as will-not-fix.,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Another aspect of an issue is when, the feature it is a part of, was added or removed from the JDK, which in either case limits the range of releases the issue impacts.  Knowing that a feature was removed before the oldest currently supported release means it can be resolved as will-not-fix.
```

##### Setting the Affects Versions field
Set the [Affects Versions]{.jbs-field} field to the lowest release value that the bug is known to be reproducible on.

> * The [Affects Version/s]{.jbs-field} isn't meant to be an exhaustive list of releases the issue is relevant to - it should initially be set to the release the issue was reproduced or identified on, and by implication it will be relevant on all releases past that point (see the [Usage of (Rel)[-na]{.jbs-label} Label](#usage-of-rel-na-label)). If it's later found to be applicable to an earlier release family then adding that earlier release is encouraged if the issue needs to be fixed in that release.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* The [Affects Version/s]{.jbs-field} isn't meant to be an exhaustive list of releases the issue is relevant to - it should initially be set to the release the issue was reproduced or identified on, and by implication it will be relevant to all releases past that point (see the [Usage of (Rel)[-na]{.jbs-label} Label](#usage-of-rel-na-label)). If it's later found to be applicable to an earlier release family then adding that earlier release is encouraged if the issue needs to be fixed in that release.
```

Author: fixed

> * Do not add additional release values to [Affects Version/s]{.jbs-field} for the same release family. E.g. If there is the value [11.0.2]{.jbs-value}, don't add [11.0.5]{.jbs-value}, [11.0.7]{.jbs-value} etc. Adding an additional value for a separate release family where it's still reproducible, e.g. JDK [21]{.jbs-value}, is encouraged, especially if there is not currently a feature release value set, or, it has been a few releases since it was last reproduced/reviewed. E.g. [Affects Version/s]{.jbs-field} is JDK [8]{.jbs-value} but it is still relevant to the latest mainline release.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Do not add additional release values to [Affects Version/s]{.jbs-field} for the same release family. E.g. if there is the value [11.0.2]{.jbs-value}, don't add [11.0.5]{.jbs-value}, [11.0.7]{.jbs-value} etc. Adding an additional value for a separate release family where it's still reproducible, e.g. JDK [21]{.jbs-value}, is encouraged, especially if there is not currently a feature release value set, or, it has been a few releases since it was last reproduced/reviewed. E.g. [Affects Version/s]{.jbs-field} is JDK [8]{.jbs-value} but it is still relevant to the latest mainline release.
```

Author: I believe that technically that "E.g." is the start of the sentence - I may replace it with "For example, " as that may be cleaner

Reviewer: Lower case, 'E.g. if' looks good to me.

##### Usage of (Rel)-na Label

> Labels of the form [12-na]{.jbs-label} or [18-na]{.jbs-label} should be used when a bug is not applicable to a more recent release family.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Labels of the form [Rel-na]{.jbs-label} (e.g. [18-na]{.jbs-label}) should be used when a bug is not applicable to a more recent release family. For example, given:
```

Reviewer 2: Maybe, use an LTS version in the example: 17-na?

Author: done

> [Affects Version]{.jbs-field}: `7u111, 8u131`

Reviewer: Please use the jbs-label style for all these example labels. (more below)

Author: done

add the label [9-na]{.jbs-label} if the issue is not relevant to JDK 9 and above.
Reasons why this would be the case include the fact that the source has been removed from a later release or rewritten such that the issue is no longer relevant.

Do not:

- use the label to indicate that a bug is not relevant to an earlier release, for example<br>[Affects Version]{.jbs-field}: `11.0.20, 17`<br> the label [8-na]{.jbs-label} would not be needed - as it doesn't have a JDK 8 release, or earlier, value in the [Affects Versions]{.jbs-field}, it is not relevant to JDK 8

> - add multiple -na labels: you only need one, for example `9-na, 10-na` is not need as [9-na]{.jbs-label} implies any following releases

Reviewer 2: Should there be punctuation at the end of the sentences?

Author: yes done

> - use the label to indicate that a bug is not relevant to an earlier release, for example<br>[Affects Version]{.jbs-field}: `11.0.20, 17`<br> the label [8-na]{.jbs-label} would not be needed - as it doesn't have a JDK 8 release, or earlier, value in the [Affects Versions]{.jbs-field}, it is not relevant to JDK 8
> - add multiple -na labels: you only need one, for example `9-na, 10-na` is not need as [9-na]{.jbs-label} implies any following releases

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- use the label to indicate that a bug is not relevant to an earlier release, for example<br>[Affects Version]{.jbs-field}: `11.0.20, 17`<br> the label [8-na]{.jbs-label} would not be needed - as it doesn't have a JDK 8 release, or earlier, value in the [Affects Versions]{.jbs-field}, it is not relevant to JDK 8
- add multiple `-na` labels: you only need one, for example `9-na, 10-na` is not need as [9-na]{.jbs-label} implies any following releases
```

Reviewer 3: s/not need/not needed/

Author: done

##### Usage of (Rel)-wnf Label

> labels of the form [7-wnf]{.jbs-label} or [9-wnf]{.jbs-label} should be used to indicate that a bug is not going to be fixed in a release that it is applicable to, both explicitly ([11-wnf]{.jbs-label} states it won't be fixed in JDK 11) or implicitly ([11-wnf]{.jbs-label} indicates it won't be fixed in JDK 8).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Labels of the form [7-wnf]{.jbs-label} or [9-wnf]{.jbs-label} should be used to indicate that a bug is not going to be fixed in a release that it is applicable to, both explicitly ([11-wnf]{.jbs-label} states it won't be fixed in JDK 11) or implicitly ([11-wnf]{.jbs-label} indicates it won't be fixed in JDK 8).
```

The part _“…both explicitly…”_ looks confusing, or rather hard to read. Should it be _“either_ explicitly … or implicitly …”?

Author: David fixed that part

> labels of the form [7-wnf]{.jbs-label} or [9-wnf]{.jbs-label} should be used to indicate that a bug is not going to be fixed in a release that it is applicable to, both explicitly ([11-wnf]{.jbs-label} states it won't be fixed in JDK 11) or implicitly ([11-wnf]{.jbs-label} indicates it won't be fixed in JDK 8).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Labels of the form [Rel-wnf]{.jbs-label} (e.g. [9-wnf]{.jbs-label}) should be used to indicate that a bug is not going to be fixed in a release that it is applicable to, or any earlier releases. For example, [11-wnf]{.jbs-label} states it won't be fixed in JDK 11 and implicitly indicates it won't be fixed in JDK 8 either).
```

Reviewer 2: I suggest replacing `9-wnf` with `11-wnf` — the entire item would look consistent.

Author: done

The [Affects Version]{.jbs-field} field is used to indicate which releases an issue is applicable to, and to avoid having to set it to an exhaustive list of impacted releases the following assumptions are used to give that range:

1) If an issue is applicable to a feature release N, it is assumed to be applicable to all (more recent) releases unless indicated otherwise (see [(Rel)-na](#usage-of-rel-na-label) below).

>     - Note that if it is reported against an update release then all we can say is that it is applicable to all the following update releases, not necessarily the next feature release as it may have been introduced in an update.  Given this, it is always important to try and reproduce the issue in either the corresponding feature release as well as the mainline.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - Note that if it is reported against an update release then all we can say is that it is applicable to all the following update releases, not necessarily the next feature release as it may have been introduced in an update.  Given this, it is always important to try and reproduce the issue in the corresponding feature release as well as the mainline.
```

Set the [Affects Versions]{.jbs-field} field to the lowest release value that the bug is known to be reproducible on.

* The [Affects Version/s]{.jbs-field} isn't meant to be an exhaustive list of releases the issue is relevant to - it should initially be set to the release the issue was reproduced or identified on, and by implication it will be relevant to all releases past that point (see the [Usage of (Rel)[-na]{.jbs-label} Label](#usage-of-rel-na-label)). If it's later found to be applicable to an earlier release family then adding that earlier release is encouraged if the issue needs to be fixed in that release.

> * Do not add additional release values to [Affects Version/s]{.jbs-field} for the same release family. For example, if there is the value [11.0.2]{.jbs-value}, don't add [11.0.5]{.jbs-value}, [11.0.7]{.jbs-value} etc. Adding an additional value for a separate release family where it's still reproducible, e.g. JDK [21]{.jbs-value}, is encouraged, especially if there is not currently a feature release value set, or, it has been a few releases since it was last reproduced/reviewed. For example if the [Affects Version/s]{.jbs-field} is JDK [8]{.jbs-value}, but it is still relevant to the latest mainline release.

Reviewer 3: Comma after "For example" in the last sentence please.

Set the [Affects Versions]{.jbs-field} field to the lowest release value that the bug is known to be reproducible on.

* The [Affects Version/s]{.jbs-field} isn't meant to be an exhaustive list of releases the issue is relevant to - it should initially be set to the release the issue was reproduced or identified on, and by implication it will be relevant to all releases past that point (see the [Usage of (Rel)[-na]{.jbs-label} Label](#usage-of-rel-na-label)). If it's later found to be applicable to an earlier release family then adding that earlier release is encouraged if the issue needs to be fixed in that release.

> * Do not add additional release values to [Affects Version/s]{.jbs-field} for the same release family. For example, if there is the value [11.0.2]{.jbs-value}, don't add [11.0.5]{.jbs-value}, [11.0.7]{.jbs-value} etc. Adding an additional value for a separate release family where it's still reproducible, e.g. JDK [21]{.jbs-value}, is encouraged, especially if there is not currently a feature release value set, or, it has been a few releases since it was last reproduced/reviewed. For example, if the [Affects Version/s]{.jbs-field} is JDK [8]{.jbs-value}, but it is still relevant to the latest mainline release.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Do not add additional release values to [Affects Version/s]{.jbs-field} for the same release family. For example, if there is the value [11.0.2]{.jbs-value}, don't add [11.0.5]{.jbs-value}, [11.0.7]{.jbs-value} etc. Adding an additional value for a separate release family where it's still reproducible, e.g. JDK [21]{.jbs-value}, is encouraged, especially if there is no feature release value set, or it has been a few releases since it was last reproduced/reviewed. For example, if the [Affects Version/s]{.jbs-field} is JDK [8]{.jbs-value}, but it is still relevant to the latest mainline release.
```
Simply the condition; the comma after “or” seems unneeded.

Author: I think it is fine as is unless you feel strongly about it

Do not:

- use the label to indicate that a bug is not relevant to an earlier release, for example<br>[Affects Version]{.jbs-field}: [11.0.20]{.jbs-value}, [17]{.jbs-value}<br> the label [8-na]{.jbs-label} would not be needed - as it doesn't have a JDK 8 release, or earlier, value in the [Affects Versions]{.jbs-field}, it is not relevant to JDK 8.

> - add multiple [-na]{.jbs-label} labels: you only need one, for example both these labels are not needed together '[9-na]{.jbs-label}, [11-na]{.jbs-label}' - [11-na]{.jbs-label} is not needed, as [9-na]{.jbs-label} implies all following releases.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- add multiple [-na]{.jbs-label} labels: you only need one, for example adding both [9-na]{.jbs-label} and [11-na]{.jbs-label} is never needed — [9-na]{.jbs-label} implies all following releases therefore [11-na]{.jbs-label} is not needed.
```
Does it sound clearer?

Do not:

- use the label to indicate that a bug is not relevant to an earlier release, for example<br>[Affects Version]{.jbs-field}: [11.0.20]{.jbs-value}, [17]{.jbs-value}<br> the label [8-na]{.jbs-label} would not be needed - as it doesn't have a JDK 8 release, or earlier, value in the [Affects Versions]{.jbs-field}, it is not relevant to JDK 8.

> - add multiple [-na]{.jbs-label} labels: you only need one, for don't add both [9-na]{.jbs-label} and [11-na]{.jbs-label} — [9-na]{.jbs-label} implies all following releases therefore [11-na]{.jbs-label}, [17-na]{.jbs-label} etc. is not needed.

Author: fixed

> - add multiple [-na]{.jbs-label} labels: you only need one, for example don't add both [9-na]{.jbs-label} and [11-na]{.jbs-label} — [9-na]{.jbs-label} implies all following releases therefore [11-na]{.jbs-label}, or [17-na]{.jbs-label} etc. are not needed.

Reviewer 2: There are only two items between “or”, without the comma it looks better to me.

Author: ok thanks

1. Ensure the priority is correct.
   * An approach that has been used for getting a consistent view of priority is to consider three aspects of the issue: **Impact** of the issue; **Likelihood** of it occurring; and, whether there is a **Workaround**. The higher the impact and likelihood the higher the priority; then, having a workaround reduces that priority - but mostly where the impact and likelihood aren't that severe.
1. Ensure the [Affects Version/s]{.jbs-field} field is correct (within reason).
  * This may involve reproducing the bug, if doing so is fast and easy.
  * In addition to the version where the bug was found, take special care to also investigate if the bug affects mainline.
    * See [Indicating what releases an issue is applicable to](#indicating-what-releases-an-issue-is-applicable-to) for more details.

>   * For enhancements the [Affects Version]{.jbs-field} should be empty unless you feel that it is only relevant to a particular release family, and should not go into a future mainline release.

Reviewer 2: It looks these should be indented to be rendered as the subitems of “Ensure the Affects Version/s field is correct (within reason).”

It will also ensure the following item, “Set the Fix Version/s” is the 3rd item in the list rather than a first one in a new list.

Author: fixed

1. Ensure the priority is correct.
   * An approach that has been used for getting a consistent view of priority is to consider three aspects of the issue: **Impact** of the issue; **Likelihood** of it occurring; and, whether there is a **Workaround**. The higher the impact and likelihood the higher the priority; then, having a workaround reduces that priority - but mostly where the impact and likelihood aren't that severe.
1. Ensure the [Affects Version/s]{.jbs-field} field is correct (within reason).
    * This may involve reproducing the bug, if doing so is fast and easy.
    * In addition to the version where the bug was found, take special care to also investigate if the bug affects mainline.
      * See [Indicating what releases an issue is applicable to](#indicating-what-releases-an-issue-is-applicable-to) for more details.

>     * For enhancements the [Affects Version]{.jbs-field} should be empty unless you feel that it is only relevant to a particular release family, and should not go into a future mainline release.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    * For enhancements the [Affects Version]{.jbs-field} should be empty unless you feel that it is only relevant to a particular release family and should not go into a future mainline release.
```
You agreed there should be no comma here.

Author: actually I think that comma is fine.  I also added another after the main point of the sentence

1. Ensure the priority is correct.
   * An approach that has been used for getting a consistent view of priority is to consider three aspects of the issue: **Impact** of the issue; **Likelihood** of it occurring; and, whether there is a **Workaround**. The higher the impact and likelihood the higher the priority; then, having a workaround reduces that priority - but mostly where the impact and likelihood aren't that severe.
1. Ensure the [Affects Version/s]{.jbs-field} field is correct (within reason).
  * This may involve reproducing the bug, if doing so is fast and easy.
  * In addition to the version where the bug was found, take special care to also investigate if the bug affects mainline.

>    * See [Indicating what releases an issue is applicable to](#indicating-what-releases-an-issue-is-applicable-to) for more details

Reviewer 2: This displays as just another bullet in the list, however, it clarifies the previous bullet. Should there be `<br>` instead?

Author: was missing a space - now shows up as a sub-bullet. Look better?

>   * For enhancements the [Affects Version]{.jbs-field} should be empty unless you feel that it is only relevant to a particular release family, and should not go into a future mainline release.

Reviewer 3: Given that we generally don't apply enhancements to update releases, and that when we do they are usually backports, then this seems such a rare occurrence as to not be worth mentioning. Possibly the only case I can think of that might be classified as an enhancement would be where an update release eventually drops support for something that was already dropped in a future release.

Author: I think that the clarification is worthwhile in that when discussing the model this has been brought up a couple of times - what enhancements for an update aren't common they do occur although they can be related to the production vs. the contents of a releaase

>   * For enhancements the [Affects Version]{.jbs-field} should be empty unless you feel that it is only relevant to a particular release family, and should not go into a future mainline release.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  * For enhancements the [Affects Version]{.jbs-field} should be empty unless you feel that it is only relevant to a particular release family and should not go into a future mainline release.
```
I think the comma is not needed here: “…the Affects Version should be empty … and should not go …” — the verbs have the same subject.

Author: agreed

Reviewer 2: But the comma is still there.

1. Ensure the [Affects Version/s]{.jbs-field} field is correct (within reason).
  * This may involve reproducing the bug, if doing so is fast and easy.
  * In addition to the version where the bug was found, take special care to also investigate if the bug affects mainline.

>     * See [Indicating what releases an issue is applicable to](#indicating-what-releases-an-issue-is-applicable-to) for more details

Reviewer 3: Period missing from end of sentence.

Author: fixed

>     * For enhancements the [Affects Version]{.jbs-field} should be empty, unless you feel that it is only relevant to a particular release family, and should not go into a future mainline release.

Reviewer 2: To me, the comma before “unless” is redundant, conditional clauses after a main clause don't usually have commas before the conjunction that introduces it; however, this conditional clause is very long… Still, I wouldn't put a comma there.

With the comma before “and”, I feel the second conditional needs _a subject_ “it”; and removing “you feel that” makes the sentence shorter and clearer:
```suggestion
    * For enhancements the [Affects Version]{.jbs-field} should be empty, unless it is only relevant to a particular release family, and (unless) it should not go into a future mainline release.
```
To make the sentence even clearer, you may repeat the conjunction: “_unless_ it should…”, I put it in parentheses in the suggestion.

Author: agree that the feel part should go as well as the comma
